# **Team Member Profiles/Availability**
**Josh Welicky**  
Contact Information: joshuawelicky@ku.edu  
Availability:  
- Monday: 1:00 PM – 9:00 PM  
- Wednesday: 3:00 PM – 9:00 PM  
- Friday: 10:30 AM – 9:00 PM  
- Saturday: Anytime

Coursework: Programming I (EECS 169), Programming II (EECS 268), Introduction to Digital Logic and Design (EECS 140). Enrolled in Software Engineering I (EECS 348) and Discrete Structures (EECS 210). 

 



  
**Mark Kitchin**  
Contact Information: mkitchin@ku.edu   
Availability: 
- Monday: 10:00 AM-2:00 PM 
- Wednesday: 3:00 PM-7:00 PM 
- Friday: 10:00 AM-7:00 PM   

Coursework: EECS 168, EECS 268, EECS 140. Enrolled in EECS 210, EECS 348, EECS 388 

 

 

**Jennifer Aber**   
Contact Information: j670j007@ku.edu   
Availability:   
- Monday: all day via Teams 
- Tuesday: 11 am – 1:30 pm, on campus 
- Wednesday: 12:00 pm – 1:00 pm, on campus, 4:00 – 8:00 PM via Teams 
- Thursday:  11 am – 1:30 pm, on campus 
- Friday: all day, via Teams 
- Saturday/Sunday: varies   

Coursework: Programming I, Programming II, Introduction to Digital Logic and Design (EECS 140). Embedded Systems, Theory of Computing, Data Structures, Programming Language Paradigms, Discrete Structures, Object-Oriented Programming in C++ (JCCC), UNIX Scripting and Utilities (JCCC)   
2 years (past) work experience as a Technical Writer for Cerner.   

 

**Sam Muehlebach**   
Contact Information: sam.muehlebach@ku.edu   
Availability:   
- Monday: 12:00PM-2:00PM 
- Tuesday: 12:30PM-2:30PM, 4:00-7:00PM 
- Wednesday: 4:00 PM-7:00 PM 
- Thursday: 12:30PM-2:30PM, 4:00-5:00PM 
- Friday: 12:00PM-2PM 
- Sunday: Anytime
 
Coursework: EECS 168, EECS 268, EECS 140. EECS 210. Enrolled in EECS 510, EECS 348, EECS 388, EECS 330, EECS 468 

 

**Basim Waqee Arshad**   
Contact Information: baswaqee@ku.edu   
Availability:   
- Wednesday 11:00AM-10:00PM   
- Thursday 6:00PM-10:00PM   
- Friday 2:30PM-10:00PM   
- Sunday 6:00PM-10:00PM   

Coursework: EECS 140, EECS 168, EECS 268. Enrolled in EECS 210, EECS 348, EECS 388 

 

 

**Jawad Ahsan**    
Contact Information: j.ahsan02@ku.edu   
Availability:   
- Wednesday 6:00AM-08:00PM   
- Thursday 6:00PM-08:00PM   
- Friday 12:45PM – 01:50PM   

Coursework: EECS 140, EECS 168, EECS 268, EECS 210. Enrolled in EECS 510, EECS 348, EECS 388, EECS 330. 




# **Meeting 09/20/23**

Time: 09/20/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams)  
Attendance: Josh, Jennifer, Mark, Jawad  
Purpose: Establish Team Roles, Add all members to GitHub Page, Work on Management Plan  
  
Sam was unable to attend because of a prior engagement. Basim did not attend.  
Jennifer and Jawad could not meet in person, so the meeting took place on Microsoft Teams.

Since Sam created the GitHub Repo, no one was able to be added during the meeting. However, Josh posted a Microsoft Teams conversation to collect the GitHub usernames/email addresses of the members to be added later.  
Team roles were then created and assigned.  
Roles:
  
Project Leader: Sam  
Configuration Management Engineer: Jennifer  
Requirements Engineer: Jawad  
Quality Assurance Engineer: Mark  
Implementation Director: TBD  
Design Director: TBD  

Josh did not choose a role so that Basim could decide between the remaining roles. Each role was created so that all members could participate in all stages of the development process while getting a share of leadership responsibility.
Two vision statements were brainstormed for the project: "To make all students' lives easier" and "To evaluate complex arithmetic expressions."
Josh also created a Word Document to collect the profiles of each team member, including their availability and expertise. Profiles for Josh, Jennifer, and Mark were completed during the meeting.
Basic planning was discussed in regard to the completion of the Project Management Plan. While all parties will contribute to its completion, Josh and Sam will focus on completing the remaining sections of the plan. The Configuration Management Engineer will ensure that the plan is formatted uniformly and will add it to the GitHub repo.  

We updated our profile document to include availabilities.

    
# **Meeting 09/27/2023**

Time: 09/27/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams)  
Attendance: Josh, Jennifer, Mark, Basim, Sam

Purpose: Work on extra credit question, decide next steps.  
We decided as a team to postpone working on the software requirements specification since the requirements engineer was unable to attend. Instead, we collaborated on the extra credit question.  
  
Sam and Josh are going to look through the requirements documents (section 1 and 2) and get started on the basics, but are going to wait until our next meeting where everyone is in attendance to make significant updates.

# **Meeting 10/04/2023**

Time: 10/04/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams) and in-person  
Attendance: Josh, Jennifer, Mark, Sam, Jawad  
Purpose: Work on requirements document, specifically section 3.  
  
We decided to focus on functional requirements, which are outlined in the project description. Specifically, this project should contain +, -, *, /, %, and ^, with ** being added as possible desired functionality. For now, our project is going to use integers only, but changing the functionality to support doubles is a possibility in the future. We need to include order of operations as well as handling of parentheses. Support for expressions contained in brackets is a desired functionality. Error handling for 0 division, extraneous parentheses, invalid characters or numbers, and invalid expressions will be included. Unmatched parentheses would be ignored. For other possible functionality we could include, we listed: expressions in the (a + b)^exp format, factorial expressions, fractional exponents, user-defined variables, and sin and cos functions. We decided on a command-line interface for input.

We also worked on the use case diagram. Those team members who attended the meeting in-person drew the diagram on whiteboard. We decided to use a generalized use-case for error handling, with a specific use case for each error. We also used a generalized case for input, and a specific case for each operator.

We also discussed constraints and non-functional requirements. For constraints, we will be developing this program in C++, per the project description, using common c++ data structures, such as the stack.

For non-functional requirements, this product should be compatible with all mainstream operating systems.

Our deliverables for the meeting next week include completion of the Functionality section of the requirements document, and addition of the use-case diagram.  

# **Meeting 10/11/2023** 

Time: 10/11/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams) and in-person  
Attendance: Mark, Sam, Josh, Jennifer   
Purpose: Continue working on the requirements document. 

Looking through the requirements document, we decided to remove the optional variable declaration function from the project.  We decided that using this function would necessitate an additional command line prompt for the user to enter the information, and be difficult to code. Josh built the use case diagram previously, and we added that to the requirements document.  We also changed factorial from optional to desirable.     

We made updates to section 1, added some items to the glossary, and worked on formatting.  We decided to wait until Friday to post the completed requirements document in order to give our requirements engineer (Jawad) time to review it.  

For next week's meeting, we will brainstorm ideas for design and go over the next part of the project assignment.  

# **Meeting 10/25/2023**

Time:  10/25/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams) and in-person  
Attendance: Sam, Josh, Jennifer, Basim, Mark  
Purpose: Go over the first steps of the design of the project.  

Went over ideas for implementation execution. Decided that we would keep the "pure code" in a separate save file to prevent any difficulties with merging GitHub branches.  

Decided to use a Stack over a Tree or queue.  
The "nodes" on the stack would be arithmetic expressions.
Discussed libraries that we might import: cmath, etc.  
Possibly create a Driver class that runs the program.  
Imports an Arithmetic class--stores all code for the arithmetic operations.

We decided to wait until the design document is posted to begin the coding piece. We will plan on working on the class diagram at the next meeting.  

# **Meeting 11/1/2023**

Time:  11/1/23 at 3:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams)  
Attendance: Sam, Josh, Jennifer, Basim, Jawad, Mark 
Purpose: Begin work on the architecture document

We decided to begin with discussion of section 3 of fhe document, architectural goals and constraints.  We discussed the use of stack and vector classes to accomplish the needed functionality.  We decided to start working on class diagrams that we can reference in section 5 of the document and that can also be used in coding.  

Josh started a document listing out the classes - we settled on Vector, Stack, and Driver class. Josh, Sam, and Jennifer listed out some rough attributes and methods for each class.  We decided to include operations such as tokenize, convert to postfix, and evaluate in the driver class.  This functionality will be included outside of the main().  There was some discussion of whether to use float or int, and for now we settled on using int with the possibility of returning float with the division function.  Once we have added the class diagrams, we will update the document to include a description of each class and rationale for use.  

We will get clarification on what is required for the architecture document from lecture before making our final updates.  Next week's meeting we will complete the document and get it ready to submit.  We will also discuss what needs to be done in terms of coding and how to divide this portion.  The coding portion will be done individually, with input from others when needed.  

# **Meeting 11/8/2023**

Time:  11/8/23 at 3:00 PM (CT)  
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams) and in-person
Attendance: Sam, Josh, Jennifer, Basim, Jawad, Mark 
Purpose: Complete work on the architecture document and divide coding work 

We started with discussion of section 5.2 of the architecture document.  There were some questions about specific methods outlined in the section on Vectors, namely the copy constructor and move constructor and how they function.  There was also some discussion of whether to use a Node-based implementation or a Vector-based implementation.  We also discussed whether to use templatized classes for Vector and Stack, and decided to do so.  We also discussed using integer vs. float, and decided to use float.  We will divide the project into four sections:  Stack, Vector, Arithmetic, and Driver.  The Driver class contains the main() function, which takes user input, as well as Parse and InfixtoPostfix.  The Arithmetic function contains solve, and returns a result.

Jennifer will code Stack and Vector, as well as parse (tokenize), which will be updated in Git by Sunday so other team members can begin their work. Jawad, Sam, and Basim will handle the arithmetic portion of coding.  Josh will handle the driver and the makefile, and Mark will work on error handling. We also discussed pull request in Git, but decided that everyone will have their own branch.  We will upload our code to our own branch.  Sam will keep track of when main gets updated, and keep a master version on his own PC.  

We will meet next week at 6:00 PM on Teams to discuss our updates.  

# **Meeting 11/15/2023**

Time: 11/15/23 at 6:00 PM (CT)
Place: Virtual (Via Microsoft Teams)
Attendance:  Josh, Jennifer, Basim, Jawad, Mark
Purpose: Review code and discuss next steps

We started with discussion of the code, Josh has updated the driver file, and Sam has made changes to the Arithmetic file. Josh went through each commented function, and discussed what each one did and how. We also discussed test cases, which Mark will be handling. Other participants will add test cases as needed. There was some discussion of whether to cast doubles as int by default in the modulo function, or throw a message letting the user know the function does not accept floats. We thought that allowing floats could cause an innacurate result. We also decided to not use a makefile, since that would require the implementation to be included in a separate .cpp file for each header file. For this program, the user will need to type in the command line: g++ -o calculator (or other alias) Driver.cpp. For the user experience, we would include the necessary files in a zip document.

We will do some testing during and after the Thanksgiving break. We also need to create the user manual and update some of our design documents to reflect changes in the code, and to our project timeline. There is a list of tests in Teams that Josh has posted for people to go through. If a test fails, we will update the information in Teams. On our meeting 11/29, we will discuss updating documentation and working on the user manual.




